Mom, my friend wants to go to the performance of the three sets of brothers
Can you get me some tickets?
Zhengguo Yingying should have also
It should be the lady of the sculptor
Just because you follow us, you will not be called
Born out of him
Never complain to you
This time, will you get him some tickets?
You want him to look good in front of her
Okay, just a few tickets?
Dad wants it for you
younger sister
Oh my good sister
Just promise your brother to come and watch your brother's performance
My brother has prepared a special performance
I want to perform with you
Oh my sister, a special performance
Third brother, take your sister to the show
It's just to show off to your friends
Looking for such a high-sounding excuse
Aren't you ashamed?
You are talking nonsense that he is so thick-skinned.
How can you be ashamed?
Hey no
Why are you two embarrassed to talk about me?
When you were in school
Every time I go home, I ask my parents to bring my sister to pick it up.
Isn't it also to show off to the classmates?
I haven't seen you two shy at 50 steps
I really don't care.
It's Thursday when you play, right?
Sunan belongs to me
Su Mingzhe, I will fight with you
Why why I just one day why
Hello uncle
Niece, I heard you went back to China.
Why don't you come and have a look at the second uncle?